[Music]
here we go matty you ready mate
yep here is a blankety blank christmas
limerick
there once was an elf called flo whose
husband
got cold in the snow so to make him feel
better
she took off his sweater and rubbed him
till he started
to blank
okay have a think about that matty all
right now you're ready
but here's a blankety bank christmas
livery for you there once was an elf
called flo
whose husband got cold in the snow so to
make him feel better
she took off his sweater
and rubbed him till he started to blank
right okay
all right brilliant stuff here we go
matty there once was an elf called flo
whose husband got cold in the snow so to
make him feel better she took off his
sweater
and rubbed him till he started to smile
no no oh
this is structural it's a limerick it's
got a rhyme
it's got rhyme mattie
[Music]
i anyway
[Laughter]
here we go terrible right here we go
yeah
right now then all right there once was
an elf called flo whose husband
got cold in the snow to make him feel
better she took off his sweater and
rubbed him till he started to
[Laughter]
[Applause]
grow
okay here we go started to glow glow
yes absolutely okay parky where you put
blow
yeah i know it rhymes jc what do you put
glow because that's clearly the answer
it's a limerick mattie i love you
but we can never be together okay anita
glow matty okay all right dan glow
even dany gets it you know it was easy
all right um right we've it's three to
georgie and
i don't know how that's happened but
thank you nonetheless
[Applause]